Update yaml-options.md with clear instructions for adding packages that aren't part of Nix packages (#839)
cachix/devenv: docs/reference/yaml-options.md

!!! note "Added in 1.0"

    - relative file support in imports: `./mymodule.nix`

> ### What to do if your package is out of date?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What if a package is out of date?
```

>     - Find the email of the maintainers, found on the Nix packages website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Open [nixpkgs repo](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs) and press `t` to search for your package.
```

>     - Kindly ask them how you can help upgrade, either they will do it or you can do it yourself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -  Try to update/change the package using [the nixpkgs contributing guide](https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/stable/#chap-quick-start), optionally contacting the maintainer for help if you get stuck.
```

>     - Make a PR, get the URL of the patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make a PR and remember the branch name.
```

>     - It will take the form of 'github:$GH_USERNAME/nixpkgs/master'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the nixpkgs input in form of 'github:$GH_USERNAME/nixpkgs/master', edit `devenv.yaml`:
```

>     - Add it to your devenv.yaml like so 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### This is an example of a rust project that needs a new dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```yaml
inputs:
  nixpkgs:
    url: 'github:taylor1791/nixpkgs/master'

>   fenix:

Reviewer: Let's remove the fenix bit as it can be confusing and replace `taylor1791` with `$GH_USERNAME`, `master` with `mybranch`.
